he is brilliant he is deadly and he is
still surrounded by freaking idiots this
summer I am a sexy secrets will be
revealed best agents has been kidnapped
it's your father and evil act who has my
father the aptly named Goldmember a
dangerous mission where did I find this
Goldmember
1975 foxy partner family secret your spy
cars and mini it's not the size mate
it's how you use it it's time to face
the truth
we've been trying for years to get a
mole inside dr. Evil's lair and here
here's so you're the nice - mole you
meet you I said mo stop mo
bye mo on July 26
[Music]
a secret new line cinema presents I'd
like to have a goal with that Phyllis
show mom Mike Myers girl thank you
introducing Beyonce Knowles
hmm and Michael Caine you know all kids
are different a for example meaning me
loves chocolate Scottie dance so we're
gonna do that as Scotty do haha oh yeah
like I don't get it all right all right
what are you how about all right Oh
[Music]
honestly
look I don't you just come here Austin
Powers in Goldmember opens July 3 6
[Music]